Feat: Add Terraform module (#64)
canonical/resource-dispatcher: terraform/README.md

# Terraform module for resource-dispatcher

This is a Terraform module facilitating the deployment of the resource-dispatcher charm, using the [Terraform juju provider](https://github.com/juju/terraform-provider-juju/). For more information, refer to the provider [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs) 

## Compatibility

> This terraform module is compatible with charms of version >= ckf-1.9 due to changes in the charm's relations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This terraform module is compatible with charms of version >= 2.0 due to changes in the charm's relations.
```
